added volume component and modified other components (#135)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_adding-a-volume-component-to-a-devfile.adoc

[id="proc_adding-a-volume-component-to-a-devfile_{context}"]
= Adding a volume component to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]
You can use a volume component to share files among container components and collaborate easily with other teams during the development process.

.Prerequisites

* xref:adding-schema-version-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-a-name-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-components-to-a-devfile.adoc[]

.Procedure

* Define a `volume` component in your devfile.
+

> .A minimal `volume` component

Reviewer: A minimal volume component does not need to specify the size attribute.   In this  case, the default size is determined by the tools implementing the spec:
```
- name: mydevfile
  volume: {}
```

If we want to add other examples, we can include the one where size is specified but again, it's tools specific on how it's handled.   

Size Example:
`Specify a volume size on creation or update the size of an existing volume.`  

```
  - name: mydevfile
    volume:
      size: 2Gi
```

`Note: Implementation is entirely dependent on the consuming tools and may be subject to their limitations.  Refer to your tools documentation for further details`

Ephemeral Example:
`Store ephemeral volumes persistently across restarts`

```
  - name: mydevfile
    volume:
      ephemeral: true
      size: 200G
```

Author: Thanks, I applied the feedback and let me know what you think!

[id="proc_adding-a-volume-component-to-a-devfile_{context}"]
= Adding a volume component to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use a volume component to share files among container components and collaborate with other teams during the development process.

Reviewer 2: Later, we refer to `volume` components using monospace styling. Shouldn't we do the same here?

.Prerequisites

* xref:adding-schema-version-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-a-name-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-components-to-a-devfile.adoc[]

.Procedure

> * Store an ephemeral `volume` component for it to be persistent across restarts.

Reviewer 2: +1, using "`volume` component" like this example.

> * Store an ephemeral `volume` component for it to be persistent across restarts.

Reviewer 3: This is not a procedure.

Author: Thanks, Robert. I'm not sure why this isn't a procedure. Like, how `adding a volume component` isn't a procedure but `adding a container component` and `adding a kubernetes or openshift component` are procedures? Why don't you think it is? 

I do see that the title is `adding a volume component` but my only step says `store an ephemeral volume component`. So I changed it to `Add an ephemeral volume component...` to be consistent. 

Thanks for your time and review!

Reviewer 3: I didn't mean that the whole thing wouldn't be a procedure -- the comment was about the instruction only. Your change makes it easier to understand. Sorry for not providing enough info/context.

On a related note: is the component really 'ephemeral'? It seems to me that the act of adding it to the devfile makes it persistent -- or is that the intended meaning?

Author: Thanks, please see the new commit and let me know what you think!

[id="proc_adding-a-volume-component-to-a-devfile_{context}"]
= Adding a volume component to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use a volume component to share files among container components and collaborate easily with other teams during the development process.

Author: Good catch, made the change!

.Prerequisites

* xref:adding-schema-version-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-a-name-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-components-to-a-devfile.adoc[]

.Procedure

> . Define a `volume` component in your devfile and specify a volume size for it.

Author: Here, we'd want to keep it component since that's the terminology in the yaml. However, you're right in our other docs between definitively selecting `property` or `type` based off the context.

[id="proc_adding-a-volume-component-to-a-devfile_{context}"]
= Adding a volume component to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]
You can use a volume component to share files among container components and collaborate easily with other teams during the development process.

.Prerequisites

* xref:adding-schema-version-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-a-name-to-a-devfile.adoc[]
* xref:adding-components-to-a-devfile.adoc[]

.Procedure

. Define a `volume` component in your devfile and specify a volume size for it.
+

> .A minimal `volume` component

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.Minimal `volume` component example
```

Just a suggestion

[source,yaml]
----
schemaVersion: 2.1.0
metadata:
    name: mydevfile
components:
  - name: mydevfile
    volume:
      size: 2Gi
----

. Store an ephemeral `volume` component for it to be persistent across restarts.
+

> .An ephemeral `volume` component

Reviewer 4: same comment as above

[source,yaml]
----
schemaVersion: 2.1.0
metadata:
    name: mydevfile
components:
  - name: mydevfile
    volume:
      ephemeral: true
      size: 200G
----

[NOTE]
====

>  * Implementing the size of the `volume` component is dependent on the tools you use, and therefore, might be subject to the limitations of the tools.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 * Specifying the size of the `volume` component is dependent on the tools you use and might be subject to the limitations of the tools.
```
suggestion for minimalism

>  * For more details, refer to the documentation for your tools.

Author: @abrennan89 it was originally one sentence. In that case, users had to drag the space bar to read the whole sentence within the note. So I thought i'd be easier to read as bullet lists, but I can put it back as a sentence if you think that's best :)

>  * For more details, refer to the documentation for your tools.

Reviewer 4: I think it would read better, however this sounds more like maybe a CSS issue re scrolling. Might be best to open an issue / PR to fix that, since it would continue to be a problem with long lines in the future. Maybe turn off horizontal scrolling or have some wrapping, although it'll depend on how your site is put together :)

Do you have a link for where the current version of this lives so I can take a look?

.Procedure

. Define a `volume` component in your devfile and specify a volume size for it.
+

> .A minimal `volume` component

Reviewer: Do we want to include the `minimal `volume` component` example?  If so, we should state that default size is determine by the tools.  

```
- name: mydevfile
  volume: {}
```

Author: @kim-tsao so keep both steps to the procedures, but only include a yaml example for the ephemeral volume component?

Author: I simply removed it. No need to bombard users with multiple yaml examples unless each example helps the user in its own, unique way. Good suggestion, thanks :)

.Procedure

. Define a `volume` component in your devfile and specify a volume size for it.
+

> .A minimal `volume` component

Reviewer: Do you intend to delete just this line?   The example you had before matched `Define a `volume` component in your devfile and specify a volume size for it.`
